Week 2 Short Report:

For Project 2, our team was tasked with utilizing a given Simulink model to develop a "lateral dynamic" and "Driver" subsystem that would complete a single lap of a stadium-style track in as little time as possible. In Week 2, our team modified the "Driver" subsystem, however this did not lead to the desired results. In Week 3, our team made several modifications to the "Driver" code and "init" file. First, we increased the desired velocity to 15.25 m/s to reach the desired radius of the curve. Then within the "Driver" subsystem, we used a constant "k" value that was multiplied by the difference between the current psi and a desired psi (psi_d). By modifying the k and psi_d values we were able to have the car follow the shape of the track. Using the given raceStat.m file, we were able to see if the car had gone off track by inputting the X, Y, and t variables that were sent to the workspace from the Simulink model along with the path struct which contained the track data. 

For this project, our major findings and learnings were understanding how to use vehicle lateral dynamics to simulate a very simple scenario of a car going around a track. We found out that although the lateral dynamics and kinematic equations side of a simulation may be set up properly if the input variables, in this case, the vehicle speed and driver model, were not set up properly or were too simple, the simulation could easily output data that was no usable for our application. Our model reaches all of the requirements of Project 2. We determined how fast we could travel around the loop, ending up with a speed of 15.25 m/s. At this speed, the vehicle tracks perfectly along the loop, and it does not go off track at any point when it completes the loop.


Instructions:
Download the init.m (Matlab) file. Open the downloaded file using the Matlab R2023b application. Click the "run" button on the Matlab application. This initializes the car data and the desired velocity. Then download the p2_demo.slx file. Open the downloaded file using the Matlab R2023b application. If a "confirm object" parameter pop-up appears, click ok to set the object structure to Car Data. Download the raceStat.m (Matlab) file. This will determine if the car has gone off track at any point during the loop. Finally, download the Project2_Final.m (Matlab) file. Open the downloaded file using the Matlab R2023b application. Click the "run" button on the Matlab application. This will produce a RACE struct that displays the time it takes to complete the loop and if the car is off track, the position where, and at what time. The expected output is a completion time of 200.7s and no off-tracks. 
